capital = 540

oob = "Generic_1988_nsb"



recruit_character = ANG_acgs
recruit_character = ANG_ncm
recruit_character = ANG_mt
recruit_character = ANG_nt
recruit_character = ANG_ai2
recruit_character = ANG_fascist_guy
recruit_character = ANG_stc
recruit_character = ANG_communist_guy
recruit_character = ANG_aa2
recruit_character = ANG_ar
recruit_character = ANG_acd2
recruit_character = ANG_acr
recruit_character = ANG_coi
recruit_character = ANG_acas
recruit_character = ANG_awt
recruit_character = ANG_pot
recruit_character = ANG_nccr
recruit_character = ANG_aco2
recruit_character = ANG_democratic_guy
recruit_character = ANG_ncs


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	communism = 100
}

create_country_leader = {
	
	name = "Jonas Lote"
	picture = GFX_portrait_Jonas_Lote
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = centrism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 20

# Starting tech
set_technology = {

}