capital = 500


oob = "Generic_1988_nsb"

recruit_character = BRA_getulio_vargas

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1932.10.30"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	fascism = 100
}

###############################################################################


set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine
recruit_character = BRA_plinio_salgado
recruit_character = BRA_luis_carlos_prestes
#recruit_character = BRA_armando_sales
recruit_character = BRA_eurico_gaspar_dutra
recruit_character = BRA_mascarenhas_de_morais
recruit_character = BRA_augusto_rademaker
recruit_character = BRA_agliberto_vieira
recruit_character = BRA_eduardo_gomes
recruit_character = BRA_salgado_filho
recruit_character = BRA_floriano_peixoto
#recruit_character = BRA_aristides_guilhem
#recruit_character = BRA_joao_neves_da_fontoura
recruit_character = BRA_epaminondas_dos_santos
recruit_character = BRA_moreira_lima
recruit_character = BRA_nero_fiuza_de_castro
recruit_character = BRA_artur_da_costa_e_silva
recruit_character = BRA_ismael_motta_paes
recruit_character = BRA_jorge_martins
recruit_character = BRA_newton_cavalcanti
recruit_character = BRA_afranio_de_mello_franco
recruit_character = BRA_washington_luis_pereira
recruit_character = BRA_osvaldo_aranha
recruit_character = BRA_arlindo_veiga_dos_santos
recruit_character = BRA_random_army_chief

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 20

# Starting tech
set_technology = {

}