capital = 37

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 100
}
oob = "Generic_1988_nsb"


#### COUNTRY LEADERS ####
recruit_character = DEN_thorvald_stauning
recruit_character = DEN_knud_bach
recruit_character = DEN_knud_bach_2
recruit_character = DEN_knud_bach_3
recruit_character = DEN_aksel_larsen
recruit_character = DEN_frits_clausen
recruit_character = DEN_william_wain_prior
recruit_character = DEN_ebbe_gortz
recruit_character = DEN_christian_frederik_von_schalburg
recruit_character = DEN_hjalmar_rechnitzer
recruit_character = DEN_aage_vedel
recruit_character = DEN_carl_hammerich
recruit_character = DEN_hans_a_rolsted
recruit_character = DEN_kaj_birksted
recruit_character = DEN_poul_sommer
recruit_character = DEN_paul_sommer
recruit_character = DEN_hans_lunding
recruit_character = DEN_knud_kristensen

set_stability = 0.9
set_war_support = 0.1

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 20

# Starting tech
set_technology = {

}