capital = 550
oob = "Generic_1988_nsb"

recruit_character = ERI_awt
recruit_character = ERI_acd2
recruit_character = ERI_nt
recruit_character = ERI_aco2
recruit_character = ERI_acas
recruit_character = ERI_acr
recruit_character = ERI_mt
recruit_character = ERI_stc
recruit_character = ERI_aa2
recruit_character = ERI_ncm
recruit_character = ERI_communist_guy
recruit_character = ERI_ncs
recruit_character = ERI_pot
recruit_character = ERI_nccr
recruit_character = ERI_fascist_guy
recruit_character = ERI_coi
recruit_character = ERI_ai2
recruit_character = ERI_democratic_guy
recruit_character = ERI_ar
recruit_character = ERI_acgs



set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 55
	fascism = 15
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 25
}


set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 20

# Starting tech
set_technology = {

}