capital = 274
oob = "Generic_1988_nsb"
recruit_character = GHA_acd2
recruit_character = GHA_communist_guy
recruit_character = GHA_acr
recruit_character = GHA_fascist_guy
recruit_character = GHA_aa2
recruit_character = GHA_democratic_guy
recruit_character = GHA_ncm
recruit_character = GHA_nt
recruit_character = GHA_awt
recruit_character = GHA_ar
recruit_character = GHA_stc
recruit_character = GHA_ai2
recruit_character = GHA_aco2
recruit_character = GHA_ncs
recruit_character = GHA_coi
recruit_character = GHA_acgs
recruit_character = GHA_acas
recruit_character = GHA_pot
recruit_character = GHA_nccr
recruit_character = GHA_mt


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	communism = 100
}


set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 20

# Starting tech
set_technology = {

}